dude dude gotcha
it's fun to be scared sometimes huh it's
bad it's just a dog
it's pretty violent I understand that
some of youth behaviour would be
upsetting but I urge you to find a place
where he feels safe I think it would be
good for him good for all of us oh my
goodness they gonna almost be the main
house dude
[Music]
and it's like he was broken before and
put back together
who's this handsome chap brahms how'd
you come up with that he tells me all
sorts of things okay I just think it's
all a little bit creepy is this your new
friend Brahms what are some of the
things you talk about the other families
he's Lovelace gonna take the doll away
from him yes it's just a wish but first
something is happening to him you knew
your boy would find him louia mommy I
love you
[Music]
[Applause]
I didn't see you at school today I went
to the doctor what's wrong
broke a loose
don't you ever just wish you are dude
all the time this the most magical sound
you will ever hear who's not ready to be
a mom where else could you go nowhere in
Pennsylvania
I think you should try another place
[Music]
doing in New York what are you doing
there seeing family and stuff
street
who came with you today my cousin do you
have a place to stay tonight I know you
came from far away
I'll figure it out Sierra's clothes do
not sleep here
where's our sin lemon
I want to make sure that you're safe
I know this is hard
[Music]
gonna ask you some questions it can be
really personal just answer either never
rarely sometimes or always
[Music]
why is dream specs way better than real
sex because they come when you want them
to girl that is so true when not done
they're done hello
ever think about all the stuff we've
done and wonder how we did not die we
are too bad as Queens like those
who raised Wonder Woman we've worked our
asses off we've opened up our own store
we're women
we're four hundred and ninety-three
thousand dollars in debt I'm Clara Luna
I am going to invest 1.7 million dollars
on you we would love but in my
experience business and friendship don't
always mix you don't have to worry your
pretty little head my head is not little
it's just that my breasts are humongous
you want to be a businesswoman you're
gonna have to act like a boss you have
to fire him
what don't hate me hate Mel was her idea
witness my tragic moment is introducing
a new product at her launch party she
just wants to steal our ideas we don't
break this that in the face
I would marry you if I was in the
cootchie those two peppers they are very
spicy just a little sliver goes a long
way the peppers are really hot goats
milk soda
tell the fairy tale again it's too scary
you know start seeing things that aren't
there you've been turned out of your
home set out to fend for yourselves with
only your clothes in your hives I'm
hungry I'm hungrier than you are closer
to Pig it's no cake
[Music]
careful with that dia I'd hate for you
to start something you can't stop please
make your acquaintance I'm cold Gretel
and this rough one here is my brother
Hansel something wrong here but it's so
pleasant where are all the animals and
where does she draw milk mrs. Stein
comments
this is your power to see what has
hidden her to take wait what if I miss a
every death the same magic did you joys
help others his left used to make
[Music]
have you ever been nanny this is my
first live in chop well I hope you know
what you're doing the children are very
special Kate the thoroughbreds jeez your
friends must love it here I have no
friends you have no friends
yep well you have one now maybe the
parents died nothing she had to suffer
it's not that simple I don't I'm not
part of the house why not don't wanna
[Music]
hello shouldn't be in here
what happened to your last nanny like
I'd tell you need to take charge Hecate
I know what you're afraid of keeping the
lights on won't keep you safe can you
please stop
I can remain there I'm not going
anywhere
promise promise cross my heart no stop
everyone dies miles
stop now
[Applause]
bad dreams
[Music]
one more
and queen Bart of the Hard Rock trolls
I'm here take your string bro we lose
our string we lose our music I'm gonna
unite the six strings and destroy all
music except for one
I can't believe another queen would use
her power for evil these other trolls
aren't like us they dance different they
sing different
[Music]
if barb collects all the strings our
music will be destroyed forever we're
gonna need a battle plan and weapons
violence never solves a problem branch
well how are we gonna hug our way out of
this one I will protect you no matter
what i pinky promise you can't go back
on a pinky
Oh pinkie promise
we need to go undercover with
only rock trolls are allowed back yeah
we are genuine hard rocker cool smooth
jazz
you paralyzed
[Music]
I can't
Robert Bruce you want the one thing you
cannot have honest beloved as he was and
that is why you not the king of any man
who breaks the head / Amida Bruce shall
receive fifty gold pieces there is
reward I'll have it for ourselves
freedom I'll show him the meaning oil
who is he
Robert the Bruce i shouldve ever seen
you only when you're well healing me is
treason in these lands yet my king I'm
about to finger the best we can start I
am law I'll find him here you'd fight
our King to the day
smoking right
Scotland is clutched in the grip of a
mighty hand now we'll set a free is that
not worth fighting for
what if he raises mommy
tell me that you'll need us tell me when
we'll fight again
[Music]
- Marvin died for something I'm the
Robert the Bruce is 10 we fight
[Music]
these came across another grisly murder
scene last night wait the walls covered
in satanic symbols another gruesome
ritualistic murders named the lives of
six people last night following a heavy
metal concert that local religious
groups were protesting this is supposed
to scare other people matter so you're
ready for soldiers of Satan - a night
that we're gonna remember for years to
come hear hear sisters the evil that is
heavy metal rock music is unwavering and
its goal that corrupt our children's
souls girls be careful now there's a lot
of evil up here you don't think we can
fend for ourselves
oh do you wanna have a threesome with us
how many more children must God Satan's
name Jesus Mary it is not too late
join me in this fight generate these
demons and send them back to hell I know
you
why are the police here
good riddance
[Music]
listen carefully
you are now 5,000 miles from land and
you're descending seven miles to the
bottom of the ocean see you all in a bun
here we go do this let's do this
[Music]
on a scale from one to ten how vibes my
rig ten I drilled to the bottom of the
ocean and we don't know what came out
gotta get to this dish
how do we even get that we walk we're
just gonna walk with insufficient oxygen
across the bottom of the ocean you'll
know what's out there
Oh is that
there's something following us
there is an elevator in the elevator you
press the button to the floor with no
name behind those doors is a life you
always dreamt up
[Music]
the pioneer prepare this weekend you
will be our guests
here anything and everything is possible
no service it's not everything is
possible
good evening I am mr. Erick let me
officially welcome you to Fantasy Island
[Music]
[Applause]
curious how this all works what if your
fantasy involves a person from your life
Holograms like to buck what if it's
somebody who died Tupac himself what's
your fantasy revenge on a childhood
bully at the your life is about to
change
[Music]
that is really good hologram there is
only one fantasy per guest and you must
see your fantasy through her no matter
what
oh my god that's really her work this is
not what I meant
what the hell is this place
people died here the islands twisting
what we asked for
we weren't brought here to have our own
fantasies we were brought here to be a
part of something else
I'm your friend
[Music]
I lost my family three years ago it
wasn't very accident there was a bomb on
that plane I need your help to find the
ones who did this I've got nothing to
lose
what about your life what about it I'm
gonna say this once even if you succeed
it won't be worth it I'll make every
streaks walking the streets promise me
you won't do nothing silly
[Music]
why are you here dropping a question and
how would you do that
violently
you're much more human than I thought
you'd be think that's a good discuss
another clue about the scale of the mess
you've cost
[Music]
did you sleep last night
why don't we see ghosts everyday alone
most hauntings are so small they go
unnoticed my name is Martin
[Music]
coming my sweet I'm doing an incantation
Oh
[Music]
coming soon